So creating places works fine.
The next logical step in our corrupt operations flow is read.
Therefore and to read data we should focus on to our get places by user I.D. and get place by I.D. constants
get placed by Dean would mean that we want to identify a place based on this underscore idea right here.
So to place specific ideas get place but user idea would be this creator idea that we manually entered.
Let's first focus on to get placed by detail here.
We can keep our first place idea constant we'll still need this consent to extract the data from our
request.
But here our place concerned this is the one that we have to change here here.
We don't need these are all functions or we can just delete this entire code here because here I again
want to use our place model now and as at this time want to find existing places I won't use safe as
we did it before with our create place logic.
Now will use another method which is part of Mongoose and this is find by I.D. And by the way find by
I.D. is a static method here.
This means it's not used on the instance of place but directly on the place constructor function.
By DB works a bit different though when comparing it to the safe method in contrast to save find by
a deed does not return a promise and still then catch or async await would be available.
That's Mongoose specific though but from a conceptual perspective find by idea doesn't return a promise.
In case you need a real promise you're not needed here.
In our case though you can still get this if you call X like here after find by deed with that you could
get a real promise.
As I said for our cases we don't need that as we can still use async await here.
Due to this Mongoose specific feature or find by.
But it doesn't return a real promise here.
However we can use find by Dino and we need an argument though and that's of course our place.
Idea that we previously defined up here.
There is one thing missing though.
Do you know what.
Well we again have an asynchronous task right here.
As for safe.
Also finding an I.D. is a task which can take a few moments.
Therefore we will again use our async await syntax right here so we'll add a sync here and wait right
there.
And as we also did it for our safe method try catch Montrose here.
So let's also add try it here and put our code into our tri code block and we'll of course also catch
the error again as we did it before with our error constant and the new HDP error.
And this could say no.
Something went wrong.
Could not find jobs.
Find a place and the arrow code could be 500 right here.
So that's our I try catch block very important all of us as we did it before.
We have to make sure that we really stop our code execution in case we have such an error.
Therefore we return next hour.
Once again it's the same logic we actually had with our storing places method previously we have to
change.
One additional thing though as you can see place right here is no longer used although we use it down
here in our if statement.
The problem here is our block scoping so we define our constant here inside our tribe log.
Therefore we have to define place outside of our tribe block and that also turn corners into left here.
So let us place in our insert our block.
We get rid of the constant with that.
This code works fine again.
One important note though and I got a typo right here.
This should not be wrong should be wrong of course.
No it's fine.
So one important note the error catching right here and right there is a different one.
And we have a justice if statement by the way we'll do that in a few seconds.
This error is displayed.
If our get request generally has some kind of a problem.
If we have missing information for example in case the request is fine but we just don't have our places
I.D. in our database then this second error down here should be thrown.
That's the difference between these two errors.
Talking about this if statement to be in line with our previous logic to catch errors when we worked
on our create places code we can again use the logic we had above so we can simply create a new constant
which is equal to the new HDP error here.
And the statement is fine but what we need here is we need to return our next error year to make sure
our code execution is stopped in case of this error was that the code up here works fine.
We just have to tweak all response a bit because there are actually two things that I would like to
change here.
The first thing is the fact that the object here we are working with our place is a specific Mongoose
object India.
So we have a lot of special Mongoose methods available for this object but this is fine for creating
data and for working with Mongoose when we get back the response the object might be easier to use if
we just turn it into a normal javascript object.
That's the first thing I would like to do.
The second thing is you remember this idea we have this underscore idea.
I would also like to get rid of this underscore because although it's not a big problem in general it's
easier to really have clean properties here.
So ideas without the underscore this would also make it easier to refer to this idea later.
So these are the two things I want to do right here.
First let us turn our place object into a normal javascript object.
For this we simply add these to object method here to the object with that the conversion is done already.
And our second goal to get rid of this underscore.
While this can simply be done by setting gathers right here to true and why is getters true doing this.
Well because Mongoose at an I.D. get her to every document which returns the I.D. as a string normally
such gatherers are lost and be called to object but with getters true we can avoid this and tell Mongoose
to add an I.D. property to the created object.
That's it actually with that our code should be working fine.
Let's save our progress and let's not go to postman now create new requests.
This time I get requests again to local host five thousand right here.
Slash places and now slash the place a.
We have right here.
So let's enter this I.D. in the U R L and now let's send this request and see what happens.
So this seems to work.
We still have already appeared though of the underscore but on there we get back to a D without the
yellow score.
With that we make sure that our get placed by ideological works fine.
And now it's your turn because down here we have our get places by user I.D. constant.
We also have to just this one empty logic is pretty similar to the one that we had before for our Get
place by ideological.
There is one thing you have to know though you shouldn't use find by idea here but defined method.
It's a bit more tricky therefore as you have to make sure that you find a specific property within a
place.
So basically the idea of the creator.
That's the hint I want to give you.
So if that now is your chance to give it a try and in the next lecture will solve this together.